Fix Map Lookup Introspection Endpoints and update doc for Globally Cached Lookups (#17436)
apache/druid: docs/querying/lookups-cached-global.md

## Introspection

> Globally cached lookups (Lookup Type: `cachedNamespace`) have introspection points at `/keys` and `/values` which return a complete set of the keys and values (respectively) in the lookup as a JSON object. Introspection to `/` returns the entire map. Introspection to `/version` returns the cache scheduler's internal version indicator for the lookup.

Reviewer: Since the docs already has this, we can drop `(Lookup Type: cachedNamespace)`:
>Globally cached lookups can be specified as part of the [cluster wide config for lookups](./lookups.md) as a type of `cachedNamespace`.

 Without much context, the cache scheduler probably doesn't make a lot of sense to an end-user.

```suggestion
Globally cached lookups have introspection points at `/keys` and `/values`, which return the complete set of keys and values respectively in the lookup as a JSON object. Introspection to `/` returns the entire map as a JSON object. Introspection to `/version` provides the internal version indicating when the lookup cache was last updated. See [Introspect A Lookup](./lookups.md#Introspect a Lookup) for examples.
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback, @abhishekrb19! I second your documentation suggestion. Pushed a commit to incorporate the change.
